What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
My Thoughts: When you initialize a repository, a hidden git configuration file is created. This is means that such directory is now a repository and can be manipulated via git. This is necessary so that the history of that directory can now be tracted using the various git commands.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
My Thoughts: The staging ares is different from the other concepts in that it is not a final area for working files but a temporary space. It helps you preview your changes before you are able to finalize your changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
My Thoughts: Staging area allows you to compile all the files required to make a particular commit. So you are sure that all filesare related to the same kind of change.  (that is, one logical change per commit).

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
My Thoughts: Branches are helpful when you want to add features or experiment on your work, but you stil want to maintain the original. In this case, branhes help you create labels in which you can put these other versions of your work. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
My Thoughts: The diagrams help to visualize the branch structure via the arrows that show each parent of each commit within each branch. It also shows the path of each branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
My Thoughts: When you merge two branches together, all the commits contained in both branches, that is, all the changes made, will now be reflected in the same branch. This is represented in the diagram this way so that e can trace the parents of the various commits.





It seems none of the lessons treat discuss how to set up user name and email.

Apparently, this is required at some point.

I therefore suggest that the course instructors look into this and work towards adding a side note in the instructions area.